<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en-US">
<head>
<meta name="generator" content="LyX 2.4.1" />
<title>LyX Document</title>
<style>
/* Layout-provided Styles */
del.strikeout {
  text-decoration: line-through;
}
div.standard {
	margin-bottom: 2ex;
}
h2.section_ {
font-weight: bold;
font-size: x-large;
margin-top: 1.3ex;
margin-bottom: 0.7ex;
text-align: left;

}
ol.enumi   { list-style-type: decimal; }
ol.enumii  { list-style-type: lower-latin; }
ol.enumiii { list-style-type: lower-roman; }
ol.enumiv  { list-style-type: upper-latin; }
ul.itemize {
margin-top: 0.7ex;
margin-bottom: 0.7ex;
margin-left: 3ex;
text-align: left;

}


</style>
</head>
<body dir="auto">


<div class='standard' id='magicparlabel-40'><br /></div>
<h2 class='section_' id='magicparlabel-41'>Lecture notes</h2>
<ol class='lyxenum enumi'>
<li class="enumerate_item" id='magicparlabel-42'><a id="enu_Handout_1__Types" />Lecture notes part <a href="#enu_Handout_1__Types">1.</a>: Types of spatial data and modelling</li>
<li class="enumerate_item" id='magicparlabel-47'><a id="enu_Handout_3__Point" />Lecture notes part <a href="#enu_Handout_3__Point">2.</a>: Point referenced data modeling / Geostatistics</li>
<li class="enumerate_item" id='magicparlabel-48'><a id="enu_Handout__Aerial_unit" />Lecture notes part <a href="#enu_Handout__Aerial_unit">3.</a>: Aerial unit data / spatial data on lattices </li>
<li class="enumerate_item" id='magicparlabel-49'><a id="enu_Handout___Spatial" />Lecture notes part <a href="#enu_Handout___Spatial">4.</a>: Spatial point pattern modeling</li>
</ol>
<div class='standard' id='magicparlabel-50'><br /></div>
<h2 class='section_' id='magicparlabel-51'>Reading list</h2>


<div class='standard' id='magicparlabel-65'>These lecture Handouts have been derived based on the above reading list.</div>

<div class='standard' id='magicparlabel-66'><u>Main textbooks (methods, implementation, and theory):</u></div>
<ul class='lyxitem lyxitemi'>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-67'>Cressie, N. (2015). Statistics for spatial data. John Wiley &amp; Sons.</li>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-68'>Kent, J. T., &amp; Mardia, K. V. (2022). Spatial analysis (Vol. 72). John Wiley &amp; Sons. </li>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-69'>Gaetan, C., &amp; Guyon, X. (2010). Spatial statistics and modeling (Vol. 90). New York: Springer. </li>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-70'>Moller, J., &amp; Waagepetersen, R. P. (2003). Statistical inference and simulation for spatial point processes. CRC press. </li>
</ul>
<div class='standard' id='magicparlabel-71'>
<br />
</div>

<div class='standard' id='magicparlabel-72'><u>Main textbooks (software):</u></div>
<ul class='lyxitem lyxitemi'>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-73'>Bivand, R. S., Pebesma, E. J., Gómez-Rubio, V., &amp; Pebesma, E. J. (2008). Applied spatial data analysis with R (Vol. 747248717, pp. 237-268). New York: Springer. </li>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-74'>Moraga, P. (2023). Spatial statistics for data science: theory and practice with R. CRC Press. </li>
</ul>
<div class='standard' id='magicparlabel-75'>
<br />
</div>

<div class='standard' id='magicparlabel-76'><u>Supplementary textbooks (methods, implementation, and theory):</u></div>
<ul class='lyxitem lyxitemi'>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-77'>Banerjee, S., Carlin, B. P., &amp; Gelfand, A. E. (2014). Hierarchical modeling and analysis for spatial data. CRC press. </li>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-78'>Ripley, B. D. (2005). Spatial statistics. John Wiley &amp; Sons. </li>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-79'>Schabenberger, O., &amp; Gotway, C. A. (2005). Statistical methods for spatial data analysis. CRC press </li>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-80'>Wackernagel, H. (2003). Multivariate geostatistics: an introduction with applications. Springer Science &amp; Business Media. </li>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-81'>Diggle, P. J. (2013). Statistical analysis of spatial and spatio-temporal point patterns. CRC press. </li>
<li class="itemize_item" id='magicparlabel-82'>van Lieshout, M. N. M. (2019). Theory of spatial statistics: a concise introduction. CRC Press. </li>
</ul>

</body>
</html>
